Fix tests and some words (#2849)
vespa-engine/documentation: en/nearest-neighbor-search-guide.md

{% endhighlight %}</pre>

Changing from logical `OR` to `AND` instead will intersect the result of the two efficient retrievers.

> The search for nearest neighbors is onstrained to documents which at least matches one of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The search for nearest neighbors is constrained to documents that at least match one of
```
